
# Org Mode
## Extracting sourcecode
- Refer to [[http://orgmode.org/manual/Extracting-source-code.html][ExtractingCode]] [C-c C-l: edit the url link]

### Header arguments
- *:tangle no*
By default, Org does not tangle the src code block on export.
- *:tangle yes*
Org extracts the contents of the code block for the tangled output. By default, the output file name is the same as the Org file but with a file extension derived from the language identifier of the src code block.
- *:tangle filename*
Override the default file name with this one for the tangled output.

## Functions

- *org-babel-tangle*
Tangle the current file. Bound to =C-c C-v t=.
With prefix argument only tangle the current src code block.

- *org-babel-tangle-file*
Choose a file to tangle. Bound to =C-c C-v f=.
*** Hooks
- *org-babel-post-tangle-hook*
This hook runs from within code tangled by org-babel-tangle, making it suitable for post-processing, compilation, and evaluation of code in the tangled files.
Jumping between code and Org

Debuggers normally link errors and messages back to the source code. But for tangled files, we want to link back to the Org file, not to the tangled source file. To make this extra jump, Org uses org-babel-tangle-jump-to-org function with two additional source code block header arguments: One, set padline (see padline) to true (the default setting). Two, set comments (see comments) to link, which makes Org insert links to the Org file.

# Questions
## /bin/bash：markdown：command not found
Problem:

  ```
  / bin / bash：markdown：command not found
  ```
Solutions:

  Refer to: https://codeday.me/bug/20180112/116381.html
  ```
  (custom-set-variables
  '(markdown-command "/usr/local/bin/pandoc"))
  ```
## Reference
- [[http://orgmode.org/manual/index.html][ORG Manual]]
